
novena_sacred_heart
Sacred Heart of Jesus, I place all my trust in You.
Sacred Heart of Jesus, I believe in Your love for me.
Sacred Heart of Jesus, Your kingdom come.
Sacred Heart of Jesus, I have asked You for many favors, but I earnestly implore this one.
Take it, place it in Your open Heart.
When the Eternal Father sees it covered with Your Precious Blood,
He will not refuse it.
It will no longer be my prayer, but Yours, O Jesus.
Sacred Heart of Jesus, I place my trust in You.
Let me never be confounded. Amen.

===

novena_perpetual_help
Mother of Perpetual Help, with the greatest confidence I come before you.
You are the refuge of sinners, the hope of the hopeless, the help of the helpless.
I entrust to your Immaculate Heart this special intention:
[State your intention]
Look upon me with compassion; do not abandon me.
Comfort my heart with the assurance that you will assist me.
Grant my request if it be the will of God and if it is good for my soul.
If what I ask is not God's will, pray that I may receive that which will be of greater benefit to my eternal salvation.
Mother of Perpetual Help, pray for me now and always. Amen.

===

novena_divine_mercy
Eternal Father, I offer you the Body and Blood,
Soul and Divinity of Your Dearly Beloved Son,
Our Lord, Jesus Christ, in atonement for our sins
and those of the whole world.

For the sake of His sorrowful Passion,
have mercy on us and on the whole world.

Holy God, Holy Mighty One, Holy Immortal One,
have mercy on us and on the whole world.

===

novena_st_jude
Most holy Apostle, Saint Jude, faithful servant and friend of Jesus,
the Church honors and invokes you universally,
as the patron of hopeless cases, of things almost despaired of.
Pray for me, I am so helpless and alone.
Make use I implore you, of that particular privilege given to you,
to bring visible and speedy help where help is almost despaired of.
Come to my assistance in this great need
that I may receive the consolation and help of heaven
in all my necessities, tribulations, and sufferings,
particularly [here make your request]
and that I may praise God with you and all the elect forever.
I promise, O blessed Saint Jude, to be ever mindful of this great favor,
to always honor you as my special and powerful patron,
and to gratefully encourage devotion to you. Amen.